Mild (annoying but survivable)
Hide desktop icons — Right-click desktop → View → uncheck "Show desktop icons" (you already knew this one)
Rotate the screen — Press Ctrl + Alt + Down Arrow (or any arrow). Looks broken, fix is Ctrl+Alt+Up
Snap the window — hide the taskbar: right-click taskbar → Taskbar settings → toggle off "Lock the taskbar," then drag it to 0 height, then re-lock it
Medium (they'll suffer)
Swap mouse buttons — Settings → Mouse → switch to right-handed mode
Mouse speed to max or ultra slow — Settings → Mouse → pointer speed slider
Battery of shortcuts — rename every desktop shortcut to something different from what they open, or make a chrome shortcut open Edge 💀 (very personal attack)
Wallpaper — screenshot their desktop, set it as wallpaper, THEN hide icons. All clicks, nothing opens
Evil tier 🔥
Auto-type script — make Notepad open and type creepy messages by itself:
vbs




Yessir, there are a few ways to do this 🔥

1. Keep a script running in background with random delays
Instead of doing the thing once and dying, the script just loops with a random timer — so from the victim's POV it's totally random:

vbs

Copy
Set shell = CreateObject("WScript.Shell")
Do
    WScript.Sleep 5000 ' initial wait
    ' do the evil thing
    shell.Run "notepad"
    WScript.Sleep 2000
    shell.SendKeys "hello again :)"
    ' now wait a random 2-10 minutes before next strike
    Randomize
    wait = Int(Rnd * 480000) + 120000
    WScript.Sleep wait
Loop
So it opens Notepad with a message, then waits anywhere between 2–10 min, then does it again. Forever. To the victim it looks haunted 👻

2. Task Scheduler triggers (the pro move)
Open Task Scheduler (Win+R → taskschd.msc) → Create Task → Triggers tab → New. You can trigger on:

At log on (same as startup basically)
On idle — only strikes when they stop moving mouse/typing for X minutes 😈 (they'll think the PC does it when they leave)
On an event — e.g., trigger whenever someone launches Chrome 💀
On workstation unlock — every time they unlock the_screen, boom
One time / daily / every 30 min — whatever interval
Then in Actions tab → Start a program → point it at your .vbs file. Name the task something boring like "Microsoft Office Telemetry" and they will NEVER find it.

3. Logon + random combo (my favorite)
Put a "launcher" vbs in shell:startup that does nothing except spawn the loop script from #1. So:

It survives reboot 👍
But its behavior is completely random within the session, not "at boot"
And if they kill the process, it comes back next logon 💀
4. Bonus evil — trigger on movement
With AutoHotkey you can do stuff like: every time they press E 5 times, invert mouse buttons for 10 seconds. Or trigger caps lock randomly while typing. AHK is basically the prank cheat code because it can watch input in real time.

Want me to write the full setup? Like one script that: hides desktop icons + random notepad messages + random caps lock flips, all at random intervals, auto-starts at logon, and disguises itself? Say the word 😂
